When I was a kid there wasn't a lot of spare money in our house to spend on fancy ingredients But mum was brilliant at what she did let me tell you so we had really tasty hearty food great cakes amazing puddings all made With the freshest ingredients, that's right isn't it yes? We're cooking the kind of food mum always dished up starting with a family favorite steamed a pudding with a glorious butterscotch sauce They weren't called desserts in those days were they no it was puddings Yeah, puddings now. I'm gonna sieve the flour. Would you I'll chop here shall I chop those dates, please? It was a favorite wasn't it amazing so it in Okay, but it's almost like an old-fashioned dessert wasn't it steamed and everything was sort of steam you had jam rolly-prolly mm-hmm So the zest of the orange makes that really nice and fragrant sort of helps cut that richness of the suit Okay, yeah brown sugar in This is such an easy recipe. Yes looks fantastic on the table And then treacle treacle in There's something quite Magical about a spoonful of treacle. Can you add them in there, please? Thank you crack an egg Lightly whisk it and mix that into the milk If when I pour in the egg and the milk, would you give that a little mix-up, please? Yeah, thank you Nice nice and slow Don't go too fast You see I always used to think that it was an old-fashioned as a Steamed pudding do you ever remember me? Tumbling around your knees trying to sort of get in there. Yeah, so you like to lick the bowl didn't you all the time? Now lightly grease the mold But not with washing up some things never change, I think I was allergic to the soap that was your excuse Kids will enjoy this tonight won't they delicious paper That goes on so the secret behind the parchment paper. Let's keep that nice and tight tight. Yeah, there we are Good Wash my hand Tightly cover with foil and place in a pan of water and let it steam for around two hours with a lid on Are you gonna wash up God? Just for once Goodness You let that smash Mum, you handed it to me and he dropped it. Come on Whilst mum forces me to break the habit of a lifetime Here's how to make an amazing butterscotch sauce to serve with the pudding Add butter into a pan brown sugar Golden syrup And a pinch of salt and vanilla seeds Melt and combine over a medium heat Stirring the cream and simmer until thickened That's the taste of my childhood in a jug right there and it will keep in the fridge for a week